Kristina Trajkovski
DogChat User Stories


For User Stories 1-4 check out the slides 1-6 at:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ta_aM1DB-Gppb6o0q0oQUBs4twWE17JD9XvnfFX9gPI/edit#slide=id.ge5cec49d9a_0_12

List of stories:
Story 5 – A new dog signs up for the app
Story 6 – A dog can become friends with another dog
Story 7 – A dog can search for new friends
Story 8 – Friends can chat
Story 9 – A dog can be invited to a playdate
Story 10 – A dog can host a playdate


Story 5
“A new dog signs up for the app”
    1.	A dog is viewing the login page with an added “Create New Account” button
    2.	By clicking the aforementioned button, the dog sees a form to fill out:
        a.	Choose a profile picture
        b.	username (while typing, if available show a green tick)
        c.	real name
        d.	owner
        e.	owner’s email
        f.	password
        g.	confirm password
        h.	signup button

    3.	If the signup is successful, the dog is directed to the feed page



Story 6 
“A dog can become friends with another dog”
    1.	Suppose a dog is logged in, viewing the feed page 
    2.	In the upper right corner, the dog can see a friends button
    3.	When clicked the button, a new appears with:
    a.	A magnifying glass icon to search for new friends
    b.	New friend requests in chronological order, with “Accept” and “Delete” buttons next to them
    4.	If a dog receives a new friend request, or the friend request it had sent to another dog is accepted, a red dot appears on the friends button and the unread notification appears in bold at the top of the drop menu



Story 7
“A dog can search for new friends”
    1.	Suppose a dog opened the friends menu and clicked on search for new friends
    2.	In order to make finding friends a bit easier, two text boxes appear:
        a.	Dog’s name
        b.	Owner’s name
    3.	Both text boxes serve as a filter, and when first and/or second is filled, dogs with that name/owner appear with:
        a.	profile picture
        b.	name which serves as a link to the profile
        c.	owner’s name
        d.	“Send Friend Request” button
    4.	If a dog clicks on the “Send Friend Request” button, a notification and its profile appear at the friends button of the other dog



Story 8
“Friends can chat”
    1.	Suppose a dog is logged in
    2.	On every page, a chat box is added at lower right corner
    3.	When clicked on the box, a menu is opened with:
        a.	Most recent chats in chronological order
        b.	A search bar to look for friends to chat
    4.	Whenever a dog receives a message, the chat box receives a red dot and the new message appears on the top of the menu in bold
    5.	Whenever a dog is logged in, a green dot appears in the chat box of its friends next to its profile picture



Story 9
“A dog can be invited to a playdate”
    1.	Suppose a dog is logged in, viewing the feed page
    2.	A playdate button can be seen in the upper right corner
    3.	When opened things that appear are:
        a.	host a playdate button
        b.	“My invitations” section with invites in chronological order and “Accept” and “Reject” buttons
        c.	“Hosted playdates” section with title, date, time and number of attendees
    4.	Whenever a dog gets a playdate invitation or another dog accepted its invitation, a red dot appears next to the playdate button and the new invitation appears at the top in bold


Story 10
“A dog can host a playdate”
    1.	Suppose a dog clicked on the host a playdate button
    2.	A form appears with:
        a.	Location
        b.	Time
        c.	Co-hosts
        d.	Multiple choice friend search box
        e.	Host playdate button
    3.	Whenever a dog hosts a playdate, the friends it invited receive a notification
